>> Kent C. Dodds: Prop collections.
[COUGH] This is actually very
similar to the next exercise,
which is called prop getters.
And so we'll probably only
do one of these exercises.
I think we will do,
let's do prop collections,
and then I'll show you prop getters.
So the situation here is we've got
two mechanisms for toggling the component.
And they share similar props,
they're both gonna have
an area expanded on these and
they're both gonna have an onClick.
And so sometimes when you're
creating a render prop components,
there are certain collection of props that
make sense, or certain use cases, certain
things that people are going to render
that will always need certain props.
And so you can provide useful
collections of props that people can just
apply to the thing that they render.
Maybe a better example
of this is in Downshift,
where we're actually using prompt getters.
But the same idea applies,
if we just look at the example here.
Pretty much every auto complete
is gonna have an input.
And so we have this collection of
props that we want you to apply to
the input that you render.
Cuz once we leave the ownership
of the UI we are not
the ones applying props to things anymore,
you have to be responsible for that.
But for us to wire your input to
the internal state of downshift,
and all the quick handlers, and
whatever else that we need,
we need you to apply those props for us.
Also there's getItemProps, so
every item needs to have certain props for
accessibility and stuff like that.
So that's the basic idea
of prop collections.
Cuz it's just a useful feature to provide
a collection of props that you'd
normally use for certain use cases.
Normally, you could actually accomplish
those use cases without these
collections of props.
Your render prop should
actually pass all the state and
other helpers that are necessary
to accomplish the task.
But having these collections
of props can be really useful.
And so in step five, I actually refactored
that object that was in line 2
a function called getStateAndHelpers.
In downshift, this is actually
a pretty sizeable function,
there is a lot of stuff
that we pass to you.
Here it is just two,
we're gonna add another one here.
But I kinda like having it separate so
that I have one place to look for
where those things are.
And eventually we'll reuse
that in other places.
So that's one change for
me from what you might have had.
>> Kent C. Dodds: But yeah,
that's the basic intro.
Here's the usage example.
So we have the toggler propsand we'll
apply that to both the switch and
the button.
So they can have
the prompts that they need.
Okay, any questions about this one?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Okay, let's jump in,
we'll go to test number five,
swap out the final for the exercise and
npm t to run the test.
>> Kent C. Dodds: And make that work.